Added authentication information on visualizer (#114)
aguirre-lab/ml4c3-wiki: Visualizer.md

## Run

> You can run the visualizer with the `visualize` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the visualizer with the `-v` command:
```

```bash
 ./scripts/run.sh -m /media/mad3/hd5 -v
```
Where the path after `-m` is the path where the hd5 files are stored. The visualizer
will launch with this path as the default input path.

> The visualizer will be running on the port `8888` of your machine. Note that if you
> run the visualizer on an MGH machine, you can access it from any other machine on the 
> MGH network by navigating to `http://$MACHINE_NAME.partners.org:8888`.
> For example, if the visualizer is running on `montserrat`, any user on the MGH network 
> can access the app at http://montserrat.partners.org:8888.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The visualizer will run on port `8888` of your machine.
```
Although what you wrote above is true, we want to discourage anyone accessing the app unless they ran it themselves.

Once you run the visualizer, a username and a token will be printed on the shell. 

> Use them to authenticate when you access it on a browser. This is to prevent undesirable
> access from other machines on the MGH network. It is possible that
> two different username-token combinations get printed on the shell. 
> Use the last one in this case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open http://$MACHINE_NAME.partners.org:8888 and use the provided username and token to log in.
It is possible that two different username-token combinations get printed on the shell. Use the last one in this case. 
```
